Updating Write to Text format support (#131)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.1/modules/ROOT/pages/toolbox-file-operations-write-to-text-file.adoc

= Write to Text File

> _Write to Text File_ writes text to a plain text file, being `.txt` the only supported file format. You can specify if you want _Write to Text File_ to overwrite existing text in a file or create a new file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Write to Text File_ writes text to a plain text file, with `.txt` as the only supported file format. You can specify if you want _Write to Text File_ to overwrite existing text in a file or create a new file. 

```
